yeah I'm at 10 by 10 room myself to my
stuff and then plus like I've got my
desk in here so I don't have the full 10
by 10 of the room is a matter of fact is
you know the desk cut since he was five
min you know a narrower place there but
what i was gonna hinting with what
you've done with the experiences if that
you had all these and then you turned
around now based on your experience as
they can you have the experience is the
photographer and you turn that into
classes on you know me you have this
experiences with creating your first
course and so you've taken that in you
turn that into a course which is still
awaiting approval for whatever some of
the required fixes it there so it's
something that gave you the opportunity
to learn some new things and then give
you the opportunity to be able to teach
some new things and you know that
ideally other people won't have to go to
the same things that you went through
with this whole process
yeah so I I started to realize okay so I
turned it into this to get people to see
you know what I think I showed them all
these things you know how I went running
to about the lights and everything and
so my show them my experimentation so
they don't have to do it so they can
skip that part although it does look at
it you don't have to the shop me they
can go okay I just avoided that and then
I saw the you know how they could do it
but they are the difficult part about
this is that they're gonna be some
choices and and this is what I was
trying to think about action still
trying to iron it out a bit in the
courses I would love to give them a
camera option and I know there are a lot
of people that are still meeting with
the Logitech camera and I i did a test
with that in it and it's there in the
class so that they can see it and
hopefully avoid that outcome but I know
that there's a lot of people that really
like it and I even put
it on a tripod to see if I could get a
better you know till mid or something or
play with the angle the height of the
cup not shorten it because it's an auto
camera that reads whatever it is that
you have and it's very hard to correct
it so what I'm trying to say is there's
some people that were really upset that
I didn't I'm not giving them a budget
you know something I can do $400 but the
truth is when it come crying when it
comes to feel you need a better camera
there's no way out without it and even
when I use my I used this mirrorless
camera which is a really great camera
but it sounds fun plastic cover for
video because it doesn't track you can
look at this now when I write I get a
little bit out of focus and it's a
little bit I have Italian background so
I'm gonna look a little bit and so I'm
gonna be autofocus eighty percent of the
client and the two thought you're going
to be talking like this said then all is
good hope to buy of course that's not
why it's blocked by the way I'm just
sharing I shared the class with some
friends and I you know that's what you
think what else would you need or
something like that and also cheap
cameras and I'm like I don't know what
to do about the cover-up yeah yeah yeah
we all have our own situations we have
to figure out how to put the pieces
together here you know what works for
one person may not work for another
person and just like you're saying some
people are in love with that Logitech
camera they think it works well and you
say but like it was a disaster for you
can get it to work
you hear people as well talk about how I
create a course in five or five hours
for two hours
in the you know we look you've got to be
kidding like I can get one lecture done
in two hours we ought to figure out how
we're gonna put the pieces together for
ourselves in the shower gonna make the
best of it and then you know how also
we're going to use you would have in our
overall strategy in for anybody who's
watching this was not on you to me it's
not like whatever you do you still have
some way to Germany needs to put
together a strategy how you are going to
be dealing with the market in the hills
of whatever it is and if you're not even
dealing with online classes at all you
still analogous types of things that
you're going to have to experiment with
in be able to have a little fun with and
be able to learn new skills and figure
out some new things and so you know I
think it's really it is helpful for
people to get a chance to hear that and
it's good as well for you to be able to
be able to tell people like I can I get
this camera work for me that's just the
way it is now if you get it to work for
you fine but I can't recommend that even
this is my experience this is you know
the recommendations that I can make to
you the things that I think you're gonna
need to be successful in that it still
was up to the students who are taking
what they want to get out of it and
apply the stuff that works for them and
stuff that doesn't take from somebody
else you know what somebody else so
taking what you can get a person's
experience I want to give people a
chance and we if you want to ask any
questions
you can post them right here in the jet
stream and perceived here as well as
somebody wants to sit down and have a
chance to ask marguerite any questions
anything that I haven't covered that I
forgot about her if you just wanna have
a chance to hear somebody else's voice
and get my horror stories off the air so
feel free to jump on in and take a seat
and ask any questions that you have and
in the meantime I just like to ask you
what you're like what you see your like
near-term and long-term plans are for
this process of reinvention that you're
going through right now and how do you
see you to me and whatever else playing
into that one thing is i think im not
gonna do a house of Duty video course to
get that is not there was actually
outside of my comfort so totally but I
you know I also watched the child mark
Timberlake and you'll have and I think
that was an eye opener which is just a
little bit more focus in on what your
specialty is and things like that so I
think I would stick to my the still
photography and things like that and
maybe think it may be doing a business
course I'm not sure there are so many
out there so I'm not sure if that's
something very necessary but it is
something that you know that that is
something that I could teach that I I'd
like it's a super low but what you do
you know what I got a whole bunch of
these classes when they came out on sale
and I'm going to do a whole bunch of
them and really enjoyed them in the next
few months and then I'm going to see how
I'm gonna implement them so now I'm
going to place to do it for a while I
think I can I can I'm looking forward to
that
in do you see just projecting a little
bit further into the future to you is
your idea they are you want you more
towards focusing on online and
delivering classes where do you feel
like you still want to be doing the
still photography and in the one-on-one
teaching like how do you want to balance
those things I want to go more online
because I want to start traveling more
and actually kind of making plans I was
going to go around now but it's pushed
forward so maybe by the summer I plan to
go to to Europe and I wanna go spend a
year traveling wanna be a hippy or
something
teenager again the so I would love to
just get more and more online cause then
I can do that anywhere and that's the
thing that's not so beautiful about the
online classes I think so you're
thinking more about at least for a
period of time pursuing like a location
independent lifestyle yes yes and I'm
not sure how I'm gonna do that it may
not work out but I'm going to test it
out and see what happens you know of
course it's just a party or adventures
adventure and reinvention of yourself so
it looks like people are pretty
satisfied he would be taken as seen
anybody has any questions so we'll start
winding it down here so so last call
hoax if you wanted to comment on her ask
get it in there now because we'll be
calling it a wrap here soon so you're
welcome theresa
last parting words of wisdom that you
have for people who you know you are
listening to this right now you know
what you've
picked up from you know your experiences
you've had so far to all of you for
starting of course take your time
learning everything before don't go
crazy on the do it yourself very quickly
and read or watch some videos and things
like that but I think online classes are
great thing to do I think they're
wonderful supplement to anything that
you do and I some people do really well
just doing bad so I think that it's
something that it's an interesting likes
flowers and interesting things to get
into Mr thank you thank you for being a
guest on the show thanks very much
welcome thinks everyone who joined us
and wish everybody a wonderful afternoon
and much success with your life
adventures in
reinventions there you are part of in
until next time I will say very well
thank you